# Computational-Musicology-corpus
My corpus is my personal playlist. I chose it because, first of all, they are my favourites and secondly, it covers a wide range of genres that I personally love. For languages, all tracks are approximately half English, half Chinese. Some of them are in Japanese and Russian. So, in total, there are 4 languages. Also, there is a small portion of instrumental tracks, which the main instrument it guitar. Two main genres of music are in this corpus, rock and hip-hop. Most of them are very popular and influential rock music before 2000 and hip-hop music around 1990s-2000s in English and Chinese rock music starting from 1989 to 2010s and Chinese hip-hop from 2010s. Since Western music entered Chinese society relatively late, Chinese musicians were mainly learning, absorbing and fusing with local taste. It can be the biggest comparison point for this corpus. There are also many sub points like the cultural similarity between rock and hip-hip and the difference of these two genres under Western culture and Chinese culture, the difference between early and modern rock music, etc. I think these tracks are quite representative for the groups I want to compare to, since these are famous albums that represents the genre, both for Western part and Chinese part. The limitation is that, since it is a personal playlist which means it is all of my personal taste, some other famous albums that can also be representative to the genre might not apply to my taste. So, it is double-sided, on one hand, these chosen tracks and albums are representative, but on the other hand, there are still many representative track are excluded in this corpus. The most atypical might be the blues harmonica solo "Digging my potato" which is a original sound track of the anime "Cowboy Bebop". It's strange in this playlist because, it is an instrumental track and it is pure blues which none of any other tracks in this corpus is just pure blues. Typical tracks are, for example, Little Wing by Jimi Hendrix, Scuttle Buttin' by Stevie Ray Vaughan, Don't Cry by J Dilla, R&B All Night by KnowKnow, 花房姑娘 by Cui Jian, DON'T BREAK MY HEART by Black Panther, etc. These are typical rock and hip-hip songs in Western countries and Chinese society. 
